~Project Personnel
This project will be supervised by Mr. Fidelis Tendo who will also serve as the project
technical manager.
Name: Fidelis Tendo
Email: fidelis.tendo@cyphercrescent.com

~~Profile of Technical Assurance Team for the Gas Lift Network Optimisation
Our team of world-class industry experts with over 300-man years of experience are drawn from
diverse backgrounds and are passionate about reservoir studies, WRFM, field development planning,
and pressure maintenance. They have excelled in various multidisciplinary roles, have extensive
background in modelling integrated production systems and complex processing facilities globally
and are highly respected by our clients. Brief profile of our key personnel who will champion the gas
lift optimisation service are shown below:

1. Fidelis Tendo: Subject Matter Expert on IPSM and Reservoir Management

Fidelis Tendo is an experience Petroleum Engineer with over 30 years of
experience in the international Oil and Gas industry in some of the major
hydrocarbon regions of the world (North Sea, Gulf of Mexico, sub-Sahara
Africa, Middle East and Southeast Asia).
During his time in Shell, Fidelis held various technical and leadership roles in
reservoir engineering, operations and also worked as a global consultant in
WRFM/PSO.
His areas of expertise are Decision Based Integrated Reservoir Modelling (DB-
IRM), Production Operations Management, Production System Optimisation (PSO), Production
Forecasting, Integrated Production System Modelling (IPSM), Integrated Field Development
Planning.
He is a recognised Subject Matter Expert in IPSM, PSO and DB-IRM. He also has a strong knowledge
of Petroleum Resources Economics and Commercial Issues. Also, he has a strong knowledge and
experience in Resource volumes estimation, classification and reporting to SEC and SPE standards.
He is currently the Director of Technical Operations and Consultancy for CypherCrescent Limited.

2. Collins Alaka: Subject Matter Expert on WRFM, Artificial Lift Design

Mr Alaka is an astute oil &amp; gas industry veteran with a lustrous 33 years'
experience across both the operating and service sectors of the industry.
Some of the companies he has worked with include Schlumberger, Chevron,
and Shell where he held various Appointment of a New Managing
Director/CEO, CypherCrescent Nigeria Limited positions including Asset
Development Manager – SPDC Onshore NOV; Business Opportunity Manager
– Iseni, Okpukunou/Tuomo and Brass Fertiliser Projects, as well as other 
influential senior leadership positions.
During his time in these reputable organisations, Collins held various 
technical and leadership roles such as Asset Development Manager, SPÐC, 
Non-operate ventures; Business opportunity Manager,
Iseni, Okpokunou/Tuomu west and Brass fertilizer projects. 
He is currently the Executive Director,
Operations of CypherCrescent Ltd with renowned technical expertise.

3. Burney Waring: Principal Technical Expert on IPSM and Production System Optimisation

Burney Waring is a principal technical expert with over 35 years of rich
industry experience in production system optimisation (PSO) and wells
reservoir &amp; facility management (WRFM). He brings vast technical depth and
real-life experiences in facilitating, authoring, and coaching PSO/WRFM across
career stages. He is the author of “Practical Optimization of Petroleum
Production Systems”. He has developed and taught WFRM and PSO courses.
Burney is focused on helping teams create standard operating procedures for 
surveillance and optimisation processes.

4. Prof. David O. Ogbe: Subsurface Advisor Technical

Prof. David O. Ogbe, Ph.D., P.E. is a Director in CypherCrescent. His over 35
years’ experience and expertise cuts across the academia and the E&amp;P
industry. During his time as the Lead Reservoir Engineer at Schlumberger, he
developed reservoir simulation workflow for modelling stress sensitive
reservoirs using geomechanics models coupled with fluid-flow models. As well
as evaluated the impact of stress on depletion of tight gas sands in the
Piceance Basin, Rocky Mountain Region, USA. He is experienced in the use of
Eclipse, CMG Stars Simulators and VISAGE (Geomechanics).

5. ThankGod Egbe: Subject Matter Expert on Reservoir Simulation and IPSM

ThankGod Egbe holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree in petroleum
engineering and diploma in Scientific Computing. He has over 15 years
petroleum engineering and software development experience. He started his
career in 2001 as a computer programmer/software developer and has led
the development of key petroleum engineering software used in the oil and
gas industry. He was a key player in the development of PETROCON in 2003, a
petroleum economics application used for marginal field economic analysis.
He also led the development of QIKREACH (a proprietary in-house hydrocarbons accounting and
production management application) for an E &amp; P operator in Nigeria.
During his time in Shell, both regional and International, he worked on some key Shell oil fields
leading and developing integrated production system modelling (IPSM) projects in over 12 countries
covering all the continents of the world. He held various senior technical positions for Shell
International and is a recognised global expert in integrated production system modelling and
optimisation.