~Well Performance Review
The well performance review will focus on the lift gas performance for all the wells currently
on gas lift and identification of wells with vertical lift issues (producing and shut-in intervals)
that will benefit from improved vertical lift performance.

~~Performance Review of Gas Lifted Wells
In mature fields where several wells are gas lifted, it is critical to evaluate the efficiency of
the injected gas to ensure optimal gas utilisation. To achieve this, it is paramount carryout
the following activities:
 subsurface data review and validation
 review the performance of currently gas lifted wells (current status vs. production
potential) and check lift depth
 identify gas lifted wells with low gas utilisation factor (ratio of gas lift rate to oil rate)
 identify wells with suboptimal gas lift injection.
This approach will ensure better gas utilisation, improved oil production, and optimal
performance of gas-lifted wells in [COMPANY NAME] Producing Limited.

~~Identification and Selection of Gas Lift Candidate Opportunities
Screening of wells that will benefit from gas lift is a critical step in optimising oil and gas
production operations. However, not all wells are suitable for gas lift implementation as this
is dependent on the vertical lift performance for each well. Therefore, a thorough screening
will be carried out to identify wells with vertical lift insufficiency and access the potential for
success with gas lift and its effective application.
To achieve the effective screening, the following activities will be carried out;
 review of production performance for all the strings (shut-in and producing)
 identify wells with optimal inflow performance, but could benefit from vertical lift
performance improvement.
 identify shut-in wells with potentials for gas lift and has significant reserves to be
developed.
 review the well schematics to ascertain the availability of gas lift mandrels and
consider retrofitting option for wells without mandrels.
 review the integrity of the wells and ensure all the accessories and components are
integral for the wells with potential for gas lifting.
This approach will provide opportunity basket of wells with potential for improved production
from gas lift prior to firming up the opportunities with a comprehensive well model to
establish vertical lift insufficiency and optimisation strategy for each well.