# NUMBERS

Rule 1. 
Spell out all numbers beginning a sentence.
Example:
Twenty-five students were present in the class.

Exception:
When a year begins a sentence, you do not need to spell it out.

Example:
2019 is a promising year.
Rule 2a
Hyphenate all compound numbers from twenty-one through ninety-nine.
Example:
Twenty-five passengers were in the bus. 
Rule 2b. Hyphenate all written-out fractions.
Example:
We recovered about two-thirds of the stolen cash.
One-half is slightly less than five-eighths.

However, do not hyphenate terms like a third or a half.

Rule 3a. With figures of four or more digits, use commas. Count three spaces to the left to place the first comma. Continue placing commas after every three digits. 

Important: Do not include decimal points when doing the counting.
Example:
2,250 people
N1,500,000.35

Note: Some choose not to use commas with four-digit numbers, but this practice is not recommended.

Rule 3b 
It is not necessary to use a decimal point or a Naira (currency) sign when writing out sums of less than a naira.

Not Advised: He had only N0.50.
Better:
He had only fifty kobo.
OR
He had only 50 kobo.

Rule 3c. Do not add the word "kobo" or “Naira” to figures preceded by a naira sign.
Incorrect: I have N1,250 naira in my bank account.
Correct: I have N1,250 in my bank account.

Rule 4b 
Using numerals for the time of day has become widely accepted.

Example:
The flight leaves at 6:22 a.m.
Please arrive by 12:30 p.m. sharp.
However, we could also spell out the time, particularly when using o'clock.

Example:
She takes the four forty-five flight.
The baby wakes up at five o'clock in the morning.

Rule 5
Mixed fractions are often expressed in figures unless they begin a sentence.

Example:
We expect a 7 1/2 percent wage increase from the government.
Seven and one-half percent was the expected wage increase from the government.

Rule 6. The simplest way to express large numbers is usually best.

Example: Twenty-nineteen (simpler than two thousand and nineteen)
Large round numbers are often spelled out; but be consistent within a sentence.

Example:
Consistent: You can earn from one million to five million naira.
Inconsistent: You can earn from one million naira to 5 million naira.
Inconsistent: You can earn from N1 million to five million naira.

Rule 7. Write decimals using figures. As a courtesy to readers, many writers put a zero in front of the decimal point.

Example:
The plant grew 0.55 inches last year.
The plant grew only 0.05 inches this year.

Rule 8a. When writing out a number of three or more digits, the word “and” is not necessary. However, use the word “and” to express any decimal points that may accompany these numbers.

Example:
Five thousand one hundred fifty-five naira
Five thousand one hundred fifty-five naira and thirty-five kobo

Rule 8b. When writing out numbers above 999, do not use commas.
Incorrect: Five thousand, one hundred fifty-five naira, and thirty-five kobo
Correct: Five thousand one hundred fifty-five naira and thirty-five kobo
