# QUOTATION MARKS

Rule 1
Always use double quotation marks. Use single quotation marks only for quotations within quotations. 

Example: In his keynote address, the speaker said: “To be an inventor, you must use your imaginative power. In the words of Albert Einstein, ‘Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.’”

Rule 2
Use double quotation marks to set off a direct (word-for-word) quotation.

Example:
Correct: “Determination is an important key to success,” the teacher told the students.

Rule 3
Always capitalise the first word in a complete quotation, even midsentence.

Example: The President said, “Our economy is coming out of recession.”

Rule 4
Do not capitalise quoted material that continues a sentence.
Example: The President said that “our economy is coming out of recession.”

Rule 5
Use commas to introduce or interrupt direct quotations.

Example: Ron began by saying, “Hello All.”

Rule 6
If a quotation functions as a subject or object in a sentence, it might not need a comma.

Example:
Is “let the sleeping dog lie” all you have to say?

Rule 7
Full stops and commas should always go inside quotation marks.

Example:
The lecturer said, "Everyone stand." Then he said again, "Leave the classroom," then, "Come back to your seats."

Rule 8
The placement of question marks with quotation marks follows logic. If a question is within the quoted material, a question mark should be placed inside the quotation marks.

Example:
1.	The man asked the lady, “Have you had lunch today?”
The question Have you had lunch today? is part of the quotation.

2.	Do you agree with the saying, “Might is right”?
The question Do you agree with the saying? is outside the quotation.

Rule 9
If a quoted question ends in midsentence, the question mark replaces a comma.

Example: “Have you had lunch today?” the man asked.

Rule 10
Quotation marks are often used with technical terms, terms used in an unusual way, or other expressions that vary from standard usage.

Example:
1. wooing a lady is often referred to as “toasting.” 

2. My dad “dashed” me N50,000. (Meaning my dad gave me a gift of N50,000. Dash in Nigerian 
     parlance means to give someone a gift).

Rule 11
When quoted material runs more than one paragraph, start each new paragraph with opening quotation marks, but do not use closing quotation marks until the end of the passage.
